CSP_FIX_SUMMARY.md, before:

# Content Security Policy Fix Summary

## Issue Identified

After implementing the Supabase Anon Key fix, users were still experiencing authentication issues. The browser console showed:

```
Connecting to 'https://uimdbodamoeyukrghchb.supabase.co/auth/v1/signup' violates the following Content Security Policy directive: "connect-src 'self'". The action has been blocked.
```

## Root Cause

The server was enforcing a Content Security Policy (CSP) that only allowed connections to 'self' (the same domain), blocking connections to the Supabase API endpoints.

## Solution Implemented

Updated the `.htaccess` file to include proper CSP headers that allow connections to Supabase:

```apache
# Content Security Policy to allow Supabase connections
<IfModule mod_headers.c>
    Header always set Content-Security-Policy "default-src 'self'; script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' https://unpkg.com https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com; connect-src 'self' https://uimdbodamoeyukrghchb.supabase.co; img-src 'self' data: https://; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com; font-src 'self' https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com;"
</IfModule>
```

## Changes Made

1. **Updated .htaccess file** with proper CSP directives
2. **Added connect-src directive** to allow connections to the Supabase domain
3. **Maintained security** by keeping other restrictions in place
4. **Deployed to GitHub** on the master branch

## Result

- ✅ Authentication requests can now connect to Supabase API
- ✅ Signup and login functionality works properly
- ✅ No more CSP violations in the browser console
- ✅ Secure connection policy maintained for other resources

## Deployment

The fix has been deployed to the master branch and is live at https://academy.trendtacticsdigital.com

Commit message:

Fix CSP issue for Puter.js integration - Resolve white page error on academy site

CSP_FIX_SUMMARY.md, after:

# CSP Fix Summary

## Issue
The website https://academy.trendtacticsdigital.com was showing a white blank page due to Content Security Policy (CSP) blocking the Puter.js script from loading.

## Error Message
```
Loading the script 'https://js.puter.com/v2/' violates the following Content Security Policy directive: "script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval' https://unpkg.com https://www.google.com https://www.gstatic.com"
```

## Root Cause
1. The main `.htaccess` file had a CSP policy that didn't include Puter.js domains
2. The `courses.html` file had a separate CSP meta tag that could conflict with the main CSP policy

## Solution Applied

### 1. Updated .htaccess file
- Added all necessary Puter.js domains to the CSP policy:
  - `https://js.puter.com` (for the script)
  - `https://api.puter.com` (for API connections)
  - `https://puter.com` (for general connections)
  - `https://iframe.puter.com` (for iframe connections)

### 2. Removed conflicting CSP in courses.html
- Removed the CSP meta tag from `courses.html` to prevent conflicts with the main CSP policy in `.htaccess`

### 3. Verified lesson-viewer.html
- Confirmed that `lesson-viewer.html` already had the Puter.js script tag
- Confirmed that the JavaScript code properly checks for Puter.js availability before using it

## Final CSP Policy in .htaccess
```
Header set Content-Security-Policy "default-src 'self' https:; script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval' https://unpkg.com https://www.google.com https://www.gstatic.com https://js.puter.com https://api.puter.com https://puter.com https://iframe.puter.com; connect-src 'self' https://uimdbodamoeyukrghchb.supabase.co https://fonts.googleapis.com https://api.puter.com https://puter.com https://js.puter.com https://iframe.puter.com; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' https://fonts.googleapis.com https://js.puter.com https://api.puter.com; font-src 'self' https://fonts.gstatic.com https://js.puter.com; img-src 'self' data: https: https://puter.com https://api.puter.com; frame-src 'self' https://www.youtube.com https://www.youtube-nocookie.com https://iframe.puter.com https://puter.com; upgrade-insecure-requests"
```

## Result
The website should now properly load the Puter.js script and eliminate the white page issue, allowing the AI-powered lesson content generation to work correctly.
